Fix npm-deps not quite working (#53)
lambdaisland/kaocha-cljs: README.md

  the REPL is able to connect. If this is the case you can set this to `true`.
  Defaults to `false`.

## Configuration for npm dependency

When using kaocha-cljs with `:npm-deps`, you need to:

- enable precompilation
- make sure `:main`, `:install-deps`, `:npm-deps` are all set in the compiler options

> For example, if we want to compile left-pad npm library as npm dependency, the 
> `tests.edn` is like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if we want to compile the left-pad npm library as an npm dependency, the 
`tests.edn` should look like:
```

Tiny grammar/style fixes.
